                         LOGISTICS
Logistics is the process of planning and organizing to make sure that resources are in the places where they
are needed, so that an activity or process happens effectively

Logistics refers to the overall process of managing how resources are acquired, stored, and transported to
their final destination.

In business, logistics is the process of transporting and storing raw materials, finished goods, inventory,
and other resources. Logistics in a business is typically made up of many components, including customer
service, demand forecasting, warehousing, material handling, *inventory control, order processing, and
transportation.

Careers in logistics can include truck drivers, customer service representatives, dispatchers, freight agents,
supply chain managers, transportation analysts, *procurement managers, logisticians, and operations managers,
among others.

The resources managed in logistics may include tangible goods such as materials, equipment, and supplies,
as well as food and other consumable items.

But here’s the truth: the business will suffer if your products aren’t available when customers want them.
In fact, without solid logistics, you’ll likely fail.

logistics ensures that:

  Materials are ready for manufacturers
  Products are stocked and organized in warehouses
  Stores have enough inventory to meet customer demand
  Purchased items are picked and shipped efficiently
  Returned items make it back to the vendor smoothly

Inventory management is all about keeping track of what’s in your warehouse or store and ensuring you have
  enough stock to meet customer demand.
Transportation management both 
  Inbound transportation refers to acquiring raw materials or goods from wholesalers and production facilities.
  Outbound transportation involves getting finished products from factories and wholesalers to retailers or
  customers.
Warehouse logistics
Order fulfillment involves promptly picking, packing, and shipping orders.
  Reverse logistics is the process of managing the return of products for repair, replacement, refund, or
  disposal.







